Create peerdependencies.md (#629)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Concepts/peerdependencies.md

# Peer dependencies

> The `peerDependencies` JSON object is a key of a [project manifest](#Manifest) used to specify the set of **IO apps** an app relies on. However, unlike regular `dependencies`, `peerDependencies` **are not automatically installed** and they must be used when you need to guarantee that your app's dependency is exactly the same as the one a person installing your app has installed. Notice that this is useful when talking about **paid apps**.

Reviewer: I thought peer dependency was like "the dependency of my dependency". So, as app `A` I depend on app `B`. App `B`, in turn, depends on app `C. 

Therefore, I create the `peerDependency` in app `A` telling users that they must have installed the apps listed in this field, otherwise they won't be able to use `A`.

This idea is not clear in this first section. But just to clarify: I also don't know if I'm correct.

> The `peerDependencies` JSON object is a key of a [project manifest](#Manifest) used to specify the set of **IO apps** an app relies on. However, unlike regular `dependencies`, `peerDependencies` **are not automatically installed** and they must be used when you need to guarantee that your app's dependency is exactly the same as the one a person installing your app has installed. Notice that this is useful when talking about **paid apps**.

Author: ```suggestion
Peer dependencies is how we call a JSON object field (`peerDependencies`) in the app's `manifest.json` file.

This field specifies which VTEX IO apps your app relies on to properly work. However, it must be used only when you need to guarantee that the account installing your app has *the same version of the apps your app is peer dependant on* **previously installed**. Otherwise, consider using the `dependencies` field.

Hence, unlike regular `dependencies`, the apps listed as **`peerDependencies` are not automatically installed on VTEX accounts**. That is especially useful when your app relies on a **paid app**.
```

To make it more tangible, suppose that you are developing an app and that you include app B as a `dependencies`. App B, in turn, has app C set as its `peerDependencies`. In this case, since your app depends on app B, you'll have to manually install app C. Otherwise, you'll receive a warning when trying to install app B. Notice that, this way, app B forces that anyone trying to use its app, also have app C installed. Hence, **if you depend on a paid app, you must declare it as a peer dependency**. 

> > :warning: **Keep in mind:** Peer dependencies will not be automatically installed!

Author: ```suggestion
> <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Keep in mind:</strong> Peer dependencies will not be automatically installed!</div>
```

Check the following manifest of the `example` app:

```javascript
{
  "name": "example",  
  ...
  "peerDependencies": {
      "vtex.store": "2.x"
  },
  "dependencies": {
      "vtex.styleguide": "9.x"
  }
  ...
}

> ```

Reviewer: We can use this example right after we tell our users to imagine a certain scenario (using the app names)

> For this example, if you needed to use `example` as a dependency of your new app, you'd first need to manually install `vtex.store`, since this is a peer dependency of the `example` app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to the example above, `vtex.store` is a peer dependency of `example` since it is a dependency of `vtex.styleguide` which, in turn, is a dependency of `example`.

This means that you'd first need to manually install `vtex.store` in order to use the `vtex.styleguide` and the `example` app, consequently.
```

# Peer Dependencies

Peer dependencies is how we call a JSON object field (`peerDependencies`) in the app's `manifest.json` file. 

This field is used to specify the set of **IO apps** an app relies on to properly work. However, unlike regular dependencies, peer dependencies **are not automatically installed** in an account. Hence, setting peer dependencies can be especially useful for cases when an app relies on a **paid app**, for example.

> Another use case for the `peerDependencies` field is when you need to guarantee that an account trying to install your new app has the exact same version of the dependencies your app relies on previously installed.

Reviewer: Relendo agora, não entendi muito bem esse use case. Por que o campo `dependencies` não bastaria?

To make it more tangible, take the following example, in which `vtex.store@2.x` and `vtex.paid-app-example@1.x` are declared as peer dependencies of the `vtex.example` app.

```json
{
  "name": "vtex.example",  
  ...
  "peerDependencies": {
      "vtex.store": "2.x",
      "vtex.paid-app-example": "1.x"
  },
  "dependencies": {
      "vtex.styleguide": "9.x"
  }
  ...
}
```

For this example, if you wanted to install the `vtex.example` app in an account, you'd first need to manually install the exact versions of `vtex.store` and `vtex.paid-app-example` apps declared under the `peerDependencies` field.

> Now, considering the development context, suppose the following: you are developing an app that directly depends on the `vtex.example` app. Therefore, you list `vtex.example` as a dependency in the `dependencies` field from the `manifest.json` file. The `vtex.example`, in turn, has `vtex.store@2.x` and `vtex.paid-app-example@1.x` set as its `peerDependencies`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, considering the development context, suppose the following: you are developing an app called `X` that directly depends on the `vtex.example` app. Therefore, you list`vtex.example`  as a dependency in the `dependencies` field from the `X`'s `manifest.json` file. 

The `vtex.example` app, in turn, has `vtex.store@2.x` and `vtex.paid-app-example@1.x` set as its `peerDependencies`. In practice, this means that in order to develop your app `X` (whose `dependencies` field includes `vtex.example`), you will have to manually install `vtex.store@2.x` and `vtex.paid-app-example@1.x` in the VTEX account in which you are working.
```

> In practice, this means that in order to develop your app (whose `dependencies` list includes the `vtex.example`), you will have to manually install `vtex.store@2.x` and `vtex.paid-app-example@1.x` in the VTEX account in which you are working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If your account does not have `vtex.store@2.x` and `vtex.paid-app-example@1.x` installed, you won't be able to install the `vtex.example` and your development flow will be interrupted.

Notice that, this way, the `vtex.example` forces every account that is installing it to also have `vtex.store@2.x` and `vtex.paid-app-example@1.x` installed. 

> <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Keep in mind:</strong> Peer dependencies are not automatically installed. So, if your app relies on a paid app, you must declare it as a peer dependency.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Keep in mind:</strong> Peer dependencies are not automatically installed, therefore you will have to manually install them in the account in which you are working. As a result, if your app relies on a paid app you should declare it as a peer dependency.</div>
```
